---
title: "#36 - Twitter and TechCrunch Mashup"
date: 2022-02-15T22:25:37-05:00
draft: false
categories: ["random"]
summary: "Consciousness and Paradigm Shifts, Moderating Conversations, Creating Communities, Doc Jones and Emerita, Crypto or No Crypto?"
---

## Consciousness and Paradigm Shifts

Yann Lecun is Chief AI Scientist at Facebook (Meta) and one of the so-called fathers of deep-learning 🧠, the tech that powers the most cutting edge technologies on your phone, among many other things (face recoginition, translation, etc). 

Ilya Sutskever is co-founder and Chief Scientist of OpenAI and also a highly respected deep learning researcher.

Here they disagree on whether the current large neural networks display any kind of consciousness:

{{<twitter 1492604977260412928>}}

Yann is basically arguing that consciousness, the way we experience it as human beings, is not a qualitative improvement away from the current neural network architectures. Rather, it require a paradigm shift.

It reminded me of Buffet saying that "You either get value investing instantly, or you never will" - I'm paraphrasing. The current neural networks we have will never display consciousness, no matter how big they get, at least according to Yann Lecun. 

## Moderating Conversations

[Twitter launches beta test of anti-abuse tool ‘Safety Mode’](https://techcrunch.com/2022/02/15/twitter-expands-access-to-anti-abuse-tool-safety-mode-adds-prompts-to-enable-it/):

<blockquote>

As a public social platform, Twitter faces a continual struggle with conversation health. Over the years, it’s rolled out a number of tweaks and updates in an attempt to address this issue — including features that would automatically hide unpleasant and insulting replies behind an extra click; allow users to limit who could reply to their tweets; let users hide themselves from search; and warn users about conversations that are starting to go off the rails, among other things.

</blockquote>

Moderating conversations between (sometimes anonymous) strangers online is a hard problem for current day AI. How do you enforce civility without stifling freedom of expression? Even the wisest amongst us humans would have a hard time achieving such a delicate balance...

## Creating Communities

It's strange how the same patterns appear in different places. Nextdoor is a neighborhood social network, at least that was the goal. It went public under the ticker "KIND". It's [fighting hard](https://techcrunch.com/2022/02/15/nextdoor-revamps-with-new-profiles-feed-and-more-community-building-features/) to make its users understand that the goal is ro promote better relationships:

<blockquote>

The original idea with Nextdoor was to create a hyperlocal social network where people living in the same area could share neighborhood information, get recommendations, learn about local businesses and more. But Nextdoor often became known instead as a place where people go to air their grievances, report crime, get into heavy political discussions or engage in other less-than-neighborly behavior. 

</blockquote>

Why do humans have a tendency to turn everything into shit?

## Doc Jones and Emerita

Like so many others, I learned about Emerita through Doc Jones. He kept averaging up as late as last week (I've stopped a long time ago).

{{<twitter 1493782304682135552>}}

Why I like EMO: downside is seems limited. The value is there in the ground and not going anywhere, management seems honest, juridisction is favorable. Plus, the potential for upside is decent.

## Crypto or No Crypto?

Crypto is looking for its Robinhood, and it might be called [Rainbow](https://techcrunch.com/2022/02/15/web3-mobile-wallet-startup-rainbow-raises-18m-series-a-from-alexis-ohanians-fund/), a sexier-looking app that hides away the complexity of interacting with the Ethereum blockchain, buying and selling NFTs, etc.

<blockquote>

Rainbow’s goal is to abstract away as much of the technical know-how from the process and make things like buying or selling a multithousand-dollar NFT as straightforward as tasks like ordering an Uber.

</blockquote>

But in another corner of the world, India's Central Bank is calling crypto a 'Pnzo scheme' that should be banned:

<blockquote>
A top official of India’s central bank has compared cryptocurrency to a “Ponzi scheme” and suggested an outright ban

<cite>[Techcrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2022/02/15/india-central-bank-cryptocurrency-ponzi-banning/)</cide>
</blockquote>

